How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I did not have to go over all of the code, but the diff lead me to lines with possible cause.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can see the development of the code, the thought process. And after I discover that the previous design / code was better I can easily return to it. I can more easily identify bugs (just returning to older version where the bug wasnt and doing diff).

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    When you choose manually when to save a file, you will (most probably) save after making a meaningful change. When the version control saves automatically for you, it will (most probably) save a copy that does not have meaningful code, for example with compilation failure or not logically complete.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because one commit usually represents one logical change in the program and while programming, one logical change usually spans through multiple files. On the other hand, Google Docs are used for creating output for humans (excel sheets, word documents) and in these kinds of documents, one logical change is normally in a single file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    We can see the overview of the history using the command git log (also with the parameter --stat for more detailed overview) and see the actual changes using git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I do not have to worry that if I break something, it will be broken forever, I can just easily return to previous version that was working.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I just want to learn it and use it for my work.